README.md, before:

# Git-and-Github-training
The official Yef git and github training

This Github training is very important for me because i have learned alot of new things , at first i used to hear Github but i didn't have any idea untill Monday of 20th/02/2022, that was when i started knowing about git hub, i want to thank Youth Empowerment Foundation so much for the oppotyuinty that they have given me to attend this very important tool to solve problem easist way of socializing with the  world, i must say am very impressed for that, second i want to thank r0g agency team lead by Stephen Kovats for the wonderful team he led all the way from Berlin Germany to Africa, Uganda, Adjumani and Pagirinya Refugee Settlement in particular , thank you so much. I want to thank Andrew all the way from Nairobi Kenya who has being taking us through the Github training i must confess it was wonderful experience, lastly i want to thank Yara who came with Stephen from Berlin for the services, thank you.

In the Git hub, i have learned a few processes and stages to follow as listed below,

Create Git hub Account, with your name and Email

Create a new repository,with README FILE give it a tittle and descriptions

You go to code and copy the links

You choose where you want to save your repository folder in your local computer

After this stage you have already installed the Git bash and Visual Studio Code in your computer

You can now open the folder of the repository you created with Git bash ,automatically it create your folder

Open the folder, inside the folder is where you will get README FILE

You will open the README File with Visual Studio Code automatically it will displace it

For you to paste the links copied from above, you need to type git space clone space

Commit message:

This is what i have learnt

README.md, after:

# Git-and-Github-training
The official Yef git and github training

This Github training is very important for me because i have learned alot of new things , at first i used to hear Github but i didn't have any idea untill Monday of 20th/02/2022, that was when i started knowing about git hub, i want to thank Youth Empowerment Foundation so much for the oppotyuinty that they have given me to attend this very important tool to solve problem easist way of socializing with the  world, i must say am very impressed for that, second i want to thank r0g agency team lead by Stephen Kovats for the wonderful team he led all the way from Berlin Germany to Africa, Uganda, Adjumani and Pagirinya Refugee Settlement in particular , thank you so much. I want to thank Andrew all the way from Nairobi Kenya who has being taking us through the Github training i must confess it was wonderful experience, lastly i want to thank Yara who came with Stephen from Berlin for the services, thank you.

In the Git hub, i have learned a few processes and stages to follow as listed below,

Create Git hub Account, with your name and Email

Create a new repository,with README FILE give it a tittle and descriptions

You go to code and copy the links

You choose where you want to save your repository folder in your local computer

After this stage you have already installed the Git bash and Visual Studio Code in your computer

You can now open the folder of the repository you created with Git bash ,automatically it create your folder

Open the folder, inside the folder is where you will get README FILE

You will open the README File with Visual Studio Code automatically it will displace it

For you to paste the links copied from above, you need to type git space clone space and paste the link

From here you can type in your content, save it and group before you commit 

After finishing you synchronise the changes automicatlly it will displace in your github

I also learned about creating a branch and repeat the above stages to make changes

I did learnt about Git hub pages creating a simple website linked to the Git hub which i can used publish my pages with very intresting themes that are already created in the in the git.

Finally i learnt about Jekyll and its features thanks

MY Name is Amanyara Allan
